Update Deadeye.md (#299)
wyrmworkspublishing/free5e: en-US/Characters_Codex/03_Creating_a_Character/Feats/Feats/Deadeye.md

**Prerequisite:**
8th level or higher

- When you use a weapon to make a ranged attack, increase its normal range by 20 feet and long range by 50 feet, and you can completely ignore a target’s cover.

>   Only targets that have total cover from being entirely enclosed by an object or effect (such as inside of a chamber with no openings to shoot through or a sphere from [Wall of Force](#Wall_of_Force_wall_of_force)) have cover against this attack, and you do not have disadvantage from attacking a target you cannot pinpoint as long as you can sense it or could the previous round.

Reviewer: That's one long sentence. 😅 How about this?
```suggestion
  Only targets that have total cover from being entirely enclosed by an object or effect (such as inside of a chamber with no openings to shoot through or a sphere from [Wall of Force](#Wall_of_Force_wall_of_force)) have cover against this attack.
  You do not have disadvantage when attacking a target you cannot pinpoint as long as you can sense it or could do so during the previous round.
```

Author: I blame my 8th grade English teacher. He used to give us colections of sentences and make us combine them with proper grammar so we'd sound more sophisticated. That was 1985, long before blog writing, and I'm sure he wouldn't encourage game design (although I think he was a D&D player).
But yeah, shorter is more accessible.
